Week 1
This week we chose Peter as the scrum master and created the repo, Jira as well as formed groups on
Moodle. We confirmed that we wanted to create a Queue Management System used primarily for the 
purpose of help sessions and then did brainstorming of what possible tech stack we used. We ended the
week debating the idea of using Rust for the backend. Since majority of the group has no previous
experience with Rust, we decided to do a quick crash course on the basics of Rust to see if it was
wise for us to use. 

Week 2
This week, our main aim was to get our custom project approved by our tutor and the lecturer. Due to 
this we had to make many last minute updates in order to ensure that the project was in fact broad
enough for a proper product to be produced. Once approved, our team had a meeting where we finalised 
our objectives, novel features and assigned user stories. The week concluded with us meeting to finalised
all user stories and ensuring that the Jira tickets are accurate and up to date with epics, objectives
and user stories. I focussed on working on Peter with the proposal as well as completing epics for
User History novel feature. 

Week 3
This week my primary focus was to work on the formal proposal due at the end of this week. We worked
on organising our Epics and assigning them to our team so that we can write user stories for them. I wrote
user stories for User History. Then, we worked on the figma -> I made frontend designs for all User
History pages as well as the various Queue Management Screens including Student/Tutor view of the queue,
Tutor view of student requests as well as the student waiting screen.

Week 4
This week the main goal was to get started on Demo A. I was assigned work for User Profile and Create 
Request so I focussed on those two pages. This week - I really only had time to finish User Profile and 
aim to finish the rest of my assigned tasks next week before the end of the first sprint. Also, a 
primary goal of mine in this sprint is to familiarise myself with backend code so that I am able to
easily integrate my frontend and backend components.

Week 5
This week I was working on finishing off the tickets I was assigned in preparation for the Sprint end
and demonstration. I was mainly working on learning the backend and how to work with Rust and SeaORM 
on how to insert records into the database as well as fetch records from the database to display. This 
week took a while as familiarising myself with the backend was tough. This week, we also had our Sprint 1
demonstration which did not go as smoothly as expected, however, we discussed a lot of our pain points 
in the retrospective meeting and ensured that all our issues were addressed before next sprint.

Week 6
We began this week with two workshops both on Frontend and Backend code once we had cleaned it up after 
sprint 1. We then discussed the changes which had been made and good code practices to start employing 
to ensure that we keep the codebase to a high quality. I began making progress towards my sprint 2 cards
in the second half of this week i worked on finishing off the following cards:
- queue link for students
- self resolve student

Week 7
This week was spent continuing on with my cards. I worked on edit request functionality for the first
half of the week. This took longer than expected as I had to refactor a couple frontend components to 
make them more extendable and reusable for future. The components which I worked on was creating a
CreateRequest card which can be used for both create-request and edit-request pages. Furthermore, I 
refactored the Autocomplete component in the frontend which is used as a tag selector to work with 
TagIds rather than tag names.


Week 8
This week I continued to work on my cards in preparation for the demo this week. I mainly worked on 
finishing the frontend and backend for Queue Summary which proved to be a tough challenge. I spent 
quite a bit of time working on the many queries requried in order to finish this feature. I required A
bit of assistance on this from Peter and Hussain as working with SeaORM was still a bit of a pain points
when having to generate more complex queries. Once I finished my remaining cards, our team had a meeting
to prepare for the demonstration. Here we tested all functionalities we were going to demo as well as 
determined an order for how we are going to demo the functionalities so that it is coherent and understandable.


Week 9
This week I mainly worked on my cards for Sprint 3. I first began working on the queue analytics screen
which was mostly backend work to fetch statistics about live queues. Once done, I moved onto my second
ticket which is tutor wait time analytics for the course analytics page. I was able to have both my PRs 
merged in by Sunday of this week meaning I have more time next week to work on documentation and the report. 

Week 10
This week was mainly spent working on documentation for the final report. Since I had finished all
my assigned tickets for Sprint 3 by the end of week 9, I was focussing on the report. I primarily worked
on the user manual for the entire project and documented every single feature which we developed in 
the Syphon application. Furthermore, we also created a short slide show presentation for our final
demo presentation to ensure that we cover all talking points mentioned in the marking criteria. Finally, 
I spent some time cleaning up some areas of the code base and making final tweaks to ensure everything
is working as expected. 
